fix: add moonbase plugin (#558)
awesome-jellyfin/awesome-jellyfin: README.md

- [jellyfin-rpc by *kennethsible*](https://github.com/kennethsible/jellyfin-rpc) - Displays your current Jellyfin activity directly on Discord.
- [jellyfin-rpc by *Radiicall*](https://github.com/JustRadical/jellyfin-rpc) - Displays your current Jellyfin activity directly on Discord.
- [jellynext](https://github.com/luall0/jellynext) - Creates per-user virtual libraries for personalized Trakt recommendations and new seasons.

> - [moonbase](https://github.com/Moonfin-Client/Plugin) - Companion plugin for Moonfin which allows for a centralized configuration and syncing of the Moonfin client settings. Also adds Moonfin Web app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Moonbase](https://github.com/Moonfin-Client/Plugin) - Companion plugin for Moonfin clients, providing server-side settings sync, integrations, and a hosted Moonfin Web interface.
```
